waking up in the morning i feel that than
the more i try to help people the more
I have ailments
and sooner or later I
be sure to face so
who will be stronger than me
sorry I'm late
scary ford
what the concept of scary traffic jams are you
investing more and a vertical race
yes yes what are you my suggestive Peter
parker harry osborne look at that
oscorp watching you why good
question are you hiding something from me aunt
we
I told you once what all the secrets
have to pay for the truth too
my name is Richard Parker I understood how well
bevel intends to use mine
research i have to stop them
otherwise the consequences will be irreversible
what is it
the future we
really can change the world what will happen to
Peter happy ending and the days of all
it's stronger than you Peter
made it
this is my way
everything in this city
but it is to live in my world
world where you are powerless
where there is no hope
and without spiderman
new spiderman high voltage